[NARRATOR] Previously
on Dragon Ball Z Kai:
Gohan took a break
from his training for the
World Martial Arts Tournament
to teach Videl how to
"catch some air."
It's your first
day of trying to fly
and you already
got off the ground!
That is incredible!
He is such a show-off!
[GOTEN]
Ah! Look it!
I'm a birdie!
[NARRATOR] Meanwhile,
Trunks and Vegeta's father-son
training sessions were
really heating up inside
the Capsule Corp
gravity chamber!
Maybe this is too much gravity!
Super Saiyan!
Here goes!
Haaa!
You have got to be kidding me!
He changed into a
legendary Super Saiyan
with the ease of
a seasoned warrior?
[VIDEL]
All right.
Let's pick up where we
left off yesterday.
♪ Opening Song ♪
[VIDEL] Hey hey!
Check me out!
I've gotten to where
I can hover like a pro!
Yeah, that's great, Videl!
You're a real natural!
[GOHAN]
Keep practicing like this,
and soon I'm not gonna
have anything left to teach you.
[GOTEN hollering cheerfully]
Wow-ee!
[chuckles]
Woo!
Um.
How long you think before I
can fly around like that?
Oh that?
It's, uh, hard to say.
Yeah, well, we're doing
this every day 'til I can.
Excuse me for a second.
Hey, look at me!
Woo-hoo!
Hey, squirt.
Do me a favor and ease
up when Videl's around, okay?
Wait, why come?
Because I'm asking you nicely.
[VIDEL]
Is everything cool?
Yeah.
Just giving the kid some advice.
All right, break time.
While I'm thinking about
it--well, here's the deal.
All this? Stays secret.
I want dad out of the loop 'til
the day of the tournament.
So is that cool?
Ah. I understand.
It's probably best that way.
Besides, if he found out
I've been hanging out
with some boy after class,
he'd totally blow a gasket.
The man is like
seriously over-protective.
Don't even think about it!
Whoever's got eyes
for my little girl had
better be able to
hold his own with me!
There's not a lot
of boys out there
that can stand up
to that kind of pressure.
He is the World
Champion after all.
Right? I mean, no offense,
but let's face it.
You're strong, but my dad could
still bend you into a pretzel.
[chuckles]
Hey, uh.
Random question: do you
and your old man ever spar?
You're kidding me, right?
He would turn me into paste!
Dad hasn't even put
me through drills since--
I don't even remember
how long exactly.
I've been doing my own thing.
[GOHAN]
That's what I thought.
She really has no clue.
She outshined
Mr. Satan ages ago.
So, um--let's say someone
out there actually
could beat your dad,
just hypothetically.
What would you say to that?
I almost wish he would lose!
All this fame has
totally gone to his head!
I know Mom's been gone
for a while, but still--
that doesn't mean he
can go flouncing around
with every silly woman
that wants an autograph!
If he lost his title,
they'd all disappear!
[GOHAN]
Perfect!
Good to know she won't take
it personally if I knock
Mr. Satan out of the tournament!
[VIDEL] Anyway...
Break time's over.
Mind if I ask who
taught you to be
such a boss in
the martial arts arena?
Oh.
Y'know, an old friend of mine,
and of course my dad, too.
Right, that makes sense.
So when do I
actually get to meet
this ex-champ father of yours?
Well, he's not really with us.
But he's gonna
be back real soon!
The old lady's bringing
him back from the dead
for a day so he can play
at the big
tournament again!
Uh. I'm not sure I'm
following you there.
"Back from the dead"?
You mean, as in like--
Great!
Way to go, squirt!
I thought we agreed not
to talk about that, huh?
Oh! Wait, I get it.
Your mom and dad
are divorced now.
But your dad's gone off
and gotten remarried,
and you don't want your mom
to know his new "old lady's"
bringing him to the
tournament for the prize money!
Obviously!
Mhm!
Parents can be a real pain
sometimes, can't they?
Uh, sure.
Well, forget about them,
we've got more training to do!
[NARRATOR]
And so, the days pass.
[GOTEN]
Wee! Haha--oh!
[VIDEL laughs]
Sorry, comin' through!
[GOHAN]
Wow. Look at her go.
That girl's something else.
Ten days and she's
soaring like a bird.
You've come a long way, Videl.
There's really nothing
else that I can show you.
You've been a great teacher.
So, I guess this means
I can get back to
prepping for the World
Martial Arts Tournament.
Yeah. Me, too.
[VIDEL]
Oh right.
Well, I should be
getting home.
Oh, wait!
You know what?
I'm gonna use my new skills!
Good.
[VIDEL] See you suckers
at the tournament!
Later!
Bye!
Take it easy!
[GOTEN] So, does that mean she's
not coming back tomorrow?
[GOHAN]
Yep.
So then.
Whaddya say we
get back to business?
You an' me have got some
lost time to make up.
All right!
[GOHAN]
Show me some hustle!
[NARRATOR] With the World
Martial Arts Tournament
now only days away,
the Dragon Team's training
routine takes on a new intensity
as they prepare to face one
another in the main event.
Vegeta...
Trunks.
Nine thousand ninety-three.
Nine thousand ninety-four.
Nine thousand ninety-five.
[NARRATOR]
Piccolo.
[grunts]
[KRILLIN grunting]
[NARRATOR] And last
but not least, Krillin.
[KRILLIN] Nothing like
a wife and kid
to give a guy
performance anxiety.
[grunts]
Whoa. I've never seen
her like this before.
She's awesome!
You couldn't pay me enough to
try and take her on now, bro.
[VIDEL grunting]
[VIDEL] All right fellas.
Chop chop. New bag.
Yes ma'am.
Ugh, seriously?
Watch it, young lady.
Do you think you might
want to hit the dojo a little?
Oh don't you
worry 'bout me.
My body's in peak
physical shape.
You can take
that to the bank.
[chuckles]
I give up.
You're so much stronger
than me it's not even funny.
Don't be like that.
I've been at this a whole
lot longer than you have.
It's not like you aren't
amazing in your own way.
It's really true, right?
Dad's gonna be there
at the tournament?
You excited about getting to
meet him for the first time?
I would be.
Yeah.
So just where is
he off to now, eh?
Big shot's going to miss his
window if he's not careful.
[KING KAI]
Don't worry, m'dear.
He's just having
some "me time"
to clear his head
before the big day.
You know how it is.
So, you really think Goku'll
make it back in time?
Don't you worry.
He'll be there!
[chuckles]
Man, we haven't had the
whole gang together in ages!
It'll be just like old times!
Oh man, the look on his
face when he sees all of us!
Can't wait!
I'm surprised that you're
not entering, too, Yamcha.
[YAMCHA] With Goku and
this bunch in the mix?
What'd be the point?
[chuckles]
Let's hope Dad
remembers your voice,
'cause he won't
be able to pick you
out of a crowd with that hair.
[laughs]
I know, right?
By the way Vegeta,
that reminds me.
Listen up, 'cause this
goes for you guys, too.
I think it'd be a good idea
for all of us to agree
not to go Super Saiyan
during the tournament.
Why's that?
Ugh. You have to ask?
If you don't keep a low
profile, people are bound
to remember you
from the Cell Games.
It's not as though
you went to the trouble
of disguising
yourselves back then.
You start going Super
Saiyan and everyone
in the stadium is
gonna be like "Whoa!
Look, it's the blonde
weirdos we saw on T.V.!"
Yeah! And, trust me,
the last thing any of us
want is publicity.
We'll never live it down.
[VEGETA] Let those paparazzi
worms try to corner me.
[GOHAN] You can't just
unleash on 'em, Vegeta.
Fine. Have it your way.
As if I need to rely on my
Super Saiyan form to
secure the victory.
Ha! Either way
I'll dominate!
Me and Goten won't change!
Nope!
Excellent.
So, it's settled, then.
We're talking
level playing field now.
Maybe us Joe Schmoes
will finally have a shot!
[laughs]
Ah!
We're almost there, guys!
Time to look alive!
World Martial Arts Tournament
grounds straight ahead!
Oh, this is gonna be good.
Okay then.
Now for the finishing touch.
Uh. Gohan?
Is that the outfit you plan
on competing in, or--?
Yeah.
A hero's gotta
protect his true identity.
But hey, at least
I get to look cool.
Yeah. Right.
[indistinctive chattering]
Man, look at this place; I've
never seen so many people here.
Must be a gazillion of 'em;
what a pain in the neck.
Huh. Wonder if
Goku's here yet.
[CROWD cheers]
[BOY A] It's him!
It's really him!
[BOY B] Mr. Satan!
Can I have your autograph!
Well, look who it is.
--[BOY C] Awesome!
--[KRILLIN] Oh man!
None other than Mister
"I Single-Handedly Saved
the Planet," himself.
People go nuts for this creep.
I don't get it.
Well, remember, none of 'em
know what really went down.
[GOHAN] He certainly knows
how to make an entrance.
[CROWD cheering]
[MR. SATAN]
Yeah!
[CROWD chanting]
Mister Satan! Mister Satan!
To all my fans who've
waited, give yourselves
a big pat on the back!
Sir, please tell us,
just how good are the odds that
you'll be World Champion again?
[laughs]
Sweetheart, put your life
savings on me for the win--
'cause I got this
wrapped up in a bow!
I understand
your daughter is
entering the
competition as well.
Is the hair cut a gesture of
your extreme enthusiasm?
Yeah, it would be.
If I was lame.
[laughs]
This tournament belongs to me!
Yep. The guy still
eats up all the attention.
Aw, let the man have his moment.
So has anybody seen
Dad around yet or what?
I was just about
to ask the same thing.
Hey, look.
Piccolo's here!
Huh. Way to spot 'im.
[GOHAN]
Hey, Piccolo!
What's up?
You have any idea
if Dad's shown up yet?
Oh, hello.
Uh. No sign of him.
Back up a second.
You plan on competing in that?
Cool, huh?
This doesn't make sense.
He should be here by now.
Maybe he beat us.
Has anybody checked
the changing rooms?
No. But I can
go and have a look.
Yeah. Me, too.
Ta-da!
Hey, guys!
Hey, you made it!
Goku.
Awesome!
Wow, it's been so long
I hardly recognize you!
So, uh...
How're things goin'?
Go--Goku!
I-I just can't
believe my eyes!
Look at you!
Goku!
[ALL]
I don't believe it!
I've been waiting so long!
I really have missed you, too.
Honey!
That's your father.
Aaah! That's so weird!
I was just about to say how much
the little guy looked like me!
You're my dad?
[GOKU]
Mhmm.
[chuckles]
You're my dad!
Oh, man.
Feels like your mom's
been feeding you rocks!
[BOTH laughing]
[GOKU] Bet you'll be
stronger than me in no time!
[laughing]
Weee! Wo-ho-ho!
Ahaaa!
[BOTH laughing]
[BABA clears throat]
Um. Excuse me.
You've got twenty-four hours.
No more, no less.
Are we clear?
Mhm. Yeah. Twenty-four.
[BABA]
All right. Good luck.
[GOKU] Thanks, Baba.
You're the best!
Hey.
Unless the idea
is to be spectators,
I suggest we get
in line to sign up.
[CLERK]
Uh. I'm sorry. Great what?
[GOHAN]
Great Saiyaman, please.
Ah. Quite a name.
That's me.
Huh? Are you serious?
[GOHAN] Yeah, it, uh--
goes with the costume.
Oh. That's kind of cool.
[chuckles]
Next, please.
Ah. Good.
The Junior Division
needs a few more.
Uh. 'Scuse me, what?
Son, you're under fifteen.
Where else are
we supposed to put you?
Oh, that's just great!
You believe this?
They're saying
we're not old enough!
Whaaa?!
Since when has this thing
had a Junior Division?
I guess we've been
out of the loop.
We're not going in the play pen!
What's it gonna take for us
to get bumped up man?
Absolutely out of the question!
No! Nu-uh.
You jerks are no fun!
[chuckles nervously]
Attention, please.
We need all contestants to make
their way to the changing area.
Okay, go time!
Be safe; be strong.
And, uh-- If you could
make us a boatload of cash,
that'd be terrific, too.
Right!
This'll be the
first time I've let it
all hang out since forever.
[GOHAN]
Here we go--
I can't wait to show Dad
how strong I've gotten.
Go big or go home!
Yeah! Go big!
Now, Daddy will be
thinking of you
while he's out there, okay?
[MARRON]
Yay!
Wish us luck!
Go easy on the other guys.
Good luck, fellas!
[CROWD gasps]
[LADY REPORTER]
Pardon me, coming through!
[yells]
[chuckles]
Sir! Can you tell us
where you're from?
Ha! Funny you should ask.
Satan City, born and bred--
I trained with the
big man himself.
[VIDEL]
No sign of him.
Huh?
[TRUNKS] You and your old
man look so much alike you could
be the same person from,
like, different times.
You think so?
[TRUNKS] He was s'posed
to be amazing, right?
[GOTEN]
Yeah.
Eh, if you say so.
I'm not seein' it.
No offense, but I don't
think he could beat my dad.
But my brother says our dad's
the strongest man
in the entire universe.
See, I always thought
you were bald.
No, I just used
to shave it back then.
I've told you that before.
Don't get me wrong,
the new do's fine.
I just think the whole cue
ball look is more your style.
Yeah, well.
This isn't for you.
Ah! Hold on a sec,
that's 18!
The Android girl!
You just now noticed? Wow.
Um, okay--someone's
gonna have to explain
to me what she's doing here.
We have an arrangement
with Master Roshi.
He lets us live at his place.
Huh?
No way!
You're telling me you're
some kind of couple?
We have a little girl, too.
You saw her back
there with the others.
[yells]
That's crazy!
Seriously?
How'd you have a kid
with her if she's a robot?
Lay off, man!
Ah. She's not a robot--she's
a retooled human being
who also happens to be my wife!
[GOHAN] Oh. Well in that
case, good for you?
[KRILLIN]
Yeah, thanks.
[VIDEL]
There you are.
How'd you know?
Whatever.
C'mon. Who's supposed to
be fooled by that look?
Shh...!
[GOHAN] This is Great Saiyaman's
tournament wardrobe.
[VIDEL] Right. Guess
that kinda makes sense.
So, how's it going?
Have you been keeping up
with your flying practice?
You bet I have. Watch.
Great Saiyaman
has finally met his match.
We'll see about that!
[NARRATOR] The spirit of
competition is in the air!
With Goku back, the Dragon Team
is now fully assembled and ready
to take on the World
Martial Arts Tournament!
Will it be like
the good old days?
Find out,
next Dragon Ball Z Kai!
♪ Closing Song ♪
[GOKU]
Hey! It's me, Goku!
All right, almost time
for the first round!
Everybody ready?
The competition
looks pretty fierce.
[VEGETA] You call this
competition? Please.
[GOHAN] Some things
never change, huh?
Hey! Look sharp!
The Junior Division
is about to start!
[GOKU] Next time
on Dragon Ball Z Kai,
[VEGETA]
Enough of this nonsense.
Let's get on with it!